Rewrite On Premise docs for customers (#25174)
ultralytics/ultralytics: docs/en/platform/integrations/on-premise.md

Setup takes one command. Platform detects your operating system, fills in sensible folder locations, installs Docker if needed, and shows live connection progress.

## How It Works

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    A[Your browser] <-->|Interface, labels, and progress| B[Ultralytics Platform]
    A <-->|Previews and model downloads| C[Your On Premise computer]
    B <-->|Jobs and status only| C
    C --- D[(Dataset folder)]
    C --- E[(Models folder)]
```

Images, videos, and model files travel directly between your browser and your computer. They never take the Platform path.

## Before You Start

Choose a computer that can access your datasets and remain powered on while Platform is using them.

|                  | Minimum                                  | Recommended                                    |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |

> | Operating system | Current Linux, macOS, or Windows         | Latest operating system updates                |

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: This broadens the supported OS matrix beyond what the installer supports: macOS requires Apple Silicon, and Windows requires x86-64 with WSL 2. Users on Intel Macs or Windows without WSL 2 will now pass the documented requirements but cannot complete setup. Please retain those architecture/WSL constraints (and the current Docker-release recommendation).

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
| Operating system | 64-bit Linux, Apple Silicon macOS, or x86-64 Windows with WSL 2 | Current OS and Docker releases |
```

| CPU              | 4 cores                                  | 8 or more cores for training                   |
| Memory           | 8 GB RAM                                 | 16 GB or more                                  |
| Storage          | 20 GB plus space for datasets and models | SSD with twice your working dataset size free  |

> | Network          | Internet connection for setup and status | Stable broadband for the first Docker download |

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: An ordinary internet connection is not sufficient in enterprise networks: setup pulls container images and workers must make outbound HTTPS connections to Platform. Removing the explicit container-registry and outbound-HTTPS requirement can leave customers blocked by firewall policy after following the setup steps. Please restore those required destinations.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
| Network          | Outbound HTTPS to Platform and container registries | Stable broadband for the first Docker download |
```
